Welcome To The About/Help Page!
Below You Will Find How To Use The Form To Add, Search, Delete, Update, Undelete, and Purge Records!

To Search for an Employee By Name:
	1.) Type a word/name/part of a name in the Textbox located under the Label that says "Search"
	2.) Once filled in, click the button to the right that says "Search"
	3.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "Open"

To Add a new Record:
	1.) Fill In All Of The Textboxes On The Form.
	2.) Once filled in, click the Button that says "Add"
	3.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "New"

To Update a Records Information:
	1.) Select a record from the table by clicking anywhere on the record you want.
	2.) You will know you selected something When all of the Textboxes are filled in - This filled in information is the current record.
	3.) Once you have selected a record, feel free to change any or all of the information in the textboxes
	4.) Once you have changed the textboxes you wanted to update, click the button to the right that says "Update"
	5.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "Save" or you can click the Edit Menu Dropdown and click "Save"

To Delete a Record Temporarily:
	1.) Select a record from the table by clicking anywhere on the record you want.
	2.) You will know you selected something When all of the Textboxes are filled in - This filled in information is the current record.
	3.) Once you have selected a Record and Are happy with what you Selected, click the button below that says "Delete"
	4.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "Delete"

To UnDelete The Most Recently Deleted Record:
	1.) Find the Button on the form that says "UnDelete" and click it
	2.) A Messagebox should pop up stating that the record has been UnDeleted.
	3.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "UnDelete"
	4.) This works like the trash on your Operating System, so you can use this as many times as needed for any number of previously deleted records

To Purge, or Permanently Delete Records:
	1.) Find the Button on the form that says "Purge" and click it
	2.) A Messagebox should pop up asking if you are sure you want to permanently delete the records in the trash, if you are sure, click "Yes"
	3.) Another Messagebox should pop up stating that the records have been purged
	4.) Alternatively, You can use the File Menu Dropdown and click "Purge"